I'll tell you.
Right here.
You three are not there
Our master
one punch
One foot hit that Dongying lackey more than ten meters away
You don't see that. That's posturing.
My good
Me.
Fucking blind
I can't see the master's house, Mr. Deng is here
Not cleaned up in time
My name is Mimoshudai
It's all about washing away suffering
Oops, it shouldn't be exposed, right?
What the hell?
Hey, can't this be defeated?
How dare you come?
How dare you people come here?
Elephant substance
Yes.
Did you see it?
This is our Kambudokan karate master
Isn't it something you guys can challenge?
My master is coming today
I heard that the descendants of the Mu family are using it here
Call him out
Just save your life
Inheritors of Mu Jiaquan
Here is 20 million
Ask him to come out and fight us
You win.
Lose your life and stay
Ridiculous
Daxia martial arts is not about fighting and killing
Strike with closeness
Never make bets
Ah!
If for you
The voice is very reasonable
Unlike when you read these words
You will call it up